well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
and we're back in the shop and today
we're going to talk about some news
coming out of nashville tennessee
and i have to admit that it is
interesting news i will give you that
if you don't know some emails have
surfaced
and they appear to show
people connected to the mayor's office
up there having a conversation
and in this conversation it does seem
that they decide to downplay some
information
to downplay some data see the data in
nashville didn't show a lot of spread
inside bars and restaurants
and these emails do at least appear
to show them making the decision to not
highlight this fact and keep the bars
closed
republicans predictably have jumped all
over this
i'm going to suggest that perhaps there
is some additional
context that is missing from the initial
reporting
perhaps hypothetically speaking and not
being very specific at all
this context may have to do with events
that occurred in florida and texas
around the same time dealing with bars
and decisions
undertaken by republican governors
desantis and abbott
hypothetically speaking not very
specific at all but i don't want to talk
about that
i'll let the mayor's office respond to
this because they probably have
even more context than i do i want to
talk about the reaction coming out of
republican circles
because there are some interesting takes
out there and i think we need to make
sure that they are on record and
everybody knows that this was set
okay any politician like the nashville
mayor john cooper who intentionally
covers up data on
i am not calling it that we're just
going to call it the
public health deaths in order to keep
restaurants and bars closed
should be removed from office and tried
immediately that's charlie kirk
but wait it gets better the dem mayor of
nashville
knowingly lied about data all capital
letters to justify shutting down bars
and restaurants killing
countless jobs and small businesses in
the process everyone involved
should face jail time that is donald
trump jr
okay junior deal on behalf of the
american people i accept your offer
we will provide you with one nashville
mayor
in exchange for everybody in the
administration who downplayed data
because certainly if downplaying data in
it leading to the loss of jobs
is a jailable offense i would assume
that downplaying data and it leading to
the loss of lives
is also
pretty bold take coming from a
republican party right now
because either they have to admit that
they are putting profits over people
very openly that that's what they care
about
or they have to admit that every one of
these calls and there are a bunch of
other ones
also apply to the president of the
united states
those are the options i guess the third
is that they could just say no we're a
bunch of third-rate authoritarian goons
who are attempting to use
the threat of jail time to stifle
political opposition i guess that's
another option as well
but that's it
do these statements mean anything or is
it just political rhetoric
if they mean anything at all they must
also apply to the president
again i i don't believe the email thing
is going to be a big deal but his emails
we can hear it coming um i do believe
there's some additional context that may
shed some light on this conversation
and and i do think it would be better
coming from the mayor's office just in
case i'm wrong
um but these statements
coming from the republican side of the
aisle those who make them
need to be held accountable for them
they need to make sure we all need to
make sure that
this is uh what happens if that's really
the case
if this is really the standard
downplaying data and it leading to a
negative outcome
is a jailable offense for a public
official
then we have to apply it across the
board we are
a nation of laws are we not
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day